[Music]
welcome to slash forward into the final
week of the giveaway this week's Tuesday
video is going to be the 2006 song calm
Fido
let's get to it the movie opens with an
old school near to filmstrip which
brings back the og cause of
zombification in mysterious space
particles
luckily the key to destroying zombies
securing our towns and ultimately
domesticating the festering brood has
been discovered by our corporate
overlords this film is being shown to a
class of kids too old to not know this
and acts as an introduction for mr.
bottoms Tom Khan's new head of security
who now lives in their quaint community
when he attempts to answer any questions
our shy protagonist Timmy gets
volunteered by a couple of front row
bootlickers so he takes the opportunity
to get existential it's off to practice
headshots and things get temporarily but
predictably psychotic Timmy then rides
his bike home and is welcomed by the
standard afternoon ritual of wholesome
baked goods and admonishments for his
physical appearance that night we see
that Helen has been reading the handbook
when bill comes home and she butters him
up for a surprise a level up to their
class standing in the form of a new
zombie Butler we come to find that Bill
is somewhat of a coward which has been
holding them back in the local social
circles but he comes around and agrees
to go with this new situation but with
some conditions the next day bill does
his best to avoid interacting directly
with his son leading Timmy to take a
trip to the park which leads to some
classic bullying which eventually leads
to some classic substitute fathering now
warmed up to his pal Timmy names their
zombie Fido and attempts a game of fetch
as is so often the case this leads to an
upskirt misunderstanding involving mrs.
Henderson the subsequent and fortuitous
beating causes a collar malfunction
resulting in a well deserved mauling
timmy is busted in on while cleaning
Fido
he's chastised for breaking many rules
causing him to clam up about mrs.
Henderson fearing what might happen to
phyto or the family as a result we learn
more about this when there are new
neighbor mr. bottoms comes calling he
confirms the punishment for a wayward
zombie involves banishment to the wild
zone Timmy decides to let the issue drop
confident that ignoring it will allow it
to fade out of memory nor not he
actually ends up going to cover his
tracks but finds most of the evidence
missing when he catches up with mrs.
Henderson he destroys both the evidence
and his innocence as he's intent on
giving her a proper burial that night
Timmy discovers the color problems his
neighbor mr. Theophilus demonstrates his
proficiency in manipulating zombies both
with and without collars for reasons
better imagined than discussed that
Sunday the family goes to the weekly
public funeral which bill seems to
appreciate due to its finality back in
town we see an unfolding calamity the
next day things are mostly back to
normal bill abandons his family while
mr. bottoms continues to investigate the
potential security breach the two young
jag-offs make an unfounded but true
accusation about fidos involvement in
the recent events that seemed to revolve
around the disappearance of mrs.
Henderson they're brushed off but it
does put the seed in the back of his
mind
Timmy takes Fido on a long hike and is
eventually confronted by the two
miniature Psychopaths they have a whole
plan about killing Timmy and Fido
framing Fido and being declared heroes
unfortunately they wither at the first
sign of true danger and are quickly
taken care of
Timmy still tied up fine set zombies do
apparently still have some degree of
humanity and the ability to learn and
form new friendships Fido goes to fetch
help and they make it back just in time
it turns out Helen has a particular
knack for murder after finishing the job
in cleaning up they head home meanwhile
landscapers uncovered Timmy's shoddy
grave digging the Robinsons showing a
cookout with the bonzes where mr.
bottoms suggests to bill that there's an
excess of familiarity with the family
zombie which can lead to problems like
the Henderson incident the suggestion is
completely bewildering to him but has
brought sharply into focus when he gets
home and sees that Fido has usurped his
essentially vacant position within the
family after confirming they did in fact
find a ball mr. bottoms also notices
Timmy's name on it placing him at the
scene of the crime this is enough for
them to take fight over the next morning
Timmy continues to ask difficult
questions unraveling the delicate adult
world bill attempts to make amends by
taking him to school and talking to him
about killing his feelings he also gets
a handgun however this character growth
is short-lived
the next morning Cindy bottom's confirms
she heard her father mentioned Fido
being utilized at the factory mr.
Theophilus helps Timmy gain entry to the
facility under the guise of bringing in
the old ball-and-chain for a tune-up
Timmy's parents having found that note
in his room are not far behind
Theophilus creates a distraction
sacrificing several innocent bystanders
who just happen to be waiting patiently
in line timmy finds Fido and
sir bottoms fines to me they all
converge on the gate to the wildlands as
mr. bottoms teaches Timmy a life lesson
as they struggle for control Timmy
manages to let himself back in just in
time to watch his dad get shot vital
noms on mr. bottoms before they piece
out and leave zomcon to clean up the
mess
cut to a new morning we find it's
another Sunday this time though they're
burying bill a celebratory occasion as
we see he's being buried with the head
casket just like he always wanted the
movie then ends on a final scene
confirming everyone has grown into
better and more fulfilling lives and
that was fight up a zombie movie with
heart that's both funny and security
definitely worth checking out you're not
subscribed I'd love for you to be a part
of the channel I hope you enjoyed the
video and thanks for watching